0 - reduce the load.
1 - check the lubricant against the specification instructions; replace with the correct lubricant.
2 - check the level in the sight glass, and fill to the correct level; ensure that the air breather is clean and functioning properly.
3 - check the air supply for proper fan circulation; remove any obstructions; avoid any high surrounding ambient temperatures; if the ambient temperature is high because of a local heat source, place some form of barrier between the heat source and the machine.
4 - recheck the oil level with the unit shut down; remove any excess oil.
5 - remove the breather, and clean it.
6 - tighten all of the joints and end cap bolts.
7 - check and realign the system; tighten all of the bolts.
8 - close the pump relief valves.
9 - check pump relief valves and the pressure control valve for normal operation; adjust as needed.
10 - check for an oil leak; repair as necessary.
11 - check the system control valve, and adjust as needed.
12 - check the flow controls for proper settings and positive indication of flow; adjust the setting as necessary.
13 - adjust the system pressure control valve to maintain a constant system pressure.
14 - check the oil level in the reservoir and the free- floating operation of the floating suction; verify there are no obstructions causing flowing suction to stick; remove any debris from operation area; check the suction line and the strainer to the pump for a possible air leak; check the pressure tanks; if the tank is empty of oil, air may be leaking into the system from the air connection;  add oil as necessary.
15 - purge any air from the filter casing before changing over to the standby filter to put it into service.
16 - change the pump selector switch to reverse pumps; if the system now runs normally, investigate the pump taken out of service for a problem, such as a broken shaft.
17 - set the standby mercoid switch approximately 5 and 15 psi below the desired system pressure.
18 - look for oil leaks or some drastic change causing increased oil flow.
19 - check that oil temperature on discharge side of cooler is within 10 °f of operational temperature; if it is not, make adjustments accordingly.
20 - adjust the fluid supply to the pump.
21 - adjust the pressure-relief valve to lower the pressure.
22 - adjust the pump.
23 - locate and correct the leak
24 - decrease the pump speed.
25 - have maintenance align the motor and pump.
26 - find obstruction; clear intake; clean suction filters.
27 - repair or replace the pump.
28 - lower the suction temperature.
29 - avoid discharge restrictions. increase the clearance at exit tips of vanes; /never/ install higher horsepower driver without redesigning discharge and suction piping.
30 - increase the tension. the deflection of the belt at midspan should be 1/64' for each inch of span between the centerlines of the driven and driving sheaves.
31 - increase the belt size.
32 - clean or change the belts or sheaves.
33 - increase the tension.
34 - lengthen the center distance, or use an idler.
35 - reduce the drive centers when you are installing the belts; adjust the motor position to lessen the tension on the belts; install new belts, and retention them.
36 - test the shaft runout for eccentricity; have maintenance make repairs; increase the tension or drive capacity.
37 - provide protective guards.
38 - replace the sheaves.
39 - increase the sheave diameter.
40 - align the drive.
41 - increase the drive capacity.
42 - provide the correct running clearance.
43 - clean and protect the belts.
44 - track down and eliminate the heat source; provide ventilation.
45 - reduce the drive centers, or provide an idler.
46 - lubricate the bearing.
47 - open the vent/drain plug, and purge the lubricant cavity with fresh lubricant; leave the vent open for approximately 30 minutes, and then close it
48 - adjust the belt tension. the deflection of the belt at midspan should be 1/64' for each inch of span between the centerlines of the driven and driving sheaves.
49 - replace the drive belts with matching belts.
50 - move the motor inwards to detension the belts, and replace with matching belts, using the proper installation procedure; /caution/ do not use different manufacturers' belts to make up a set; always use belts from one manufacturer because manufacturing processes differ from one manufacturer to another.
51 - replace all the belts.
52 - reduce the overload, or install a larger drive system.
53 - replace the belt; /caution/ never use a pry bar to install the belt in the sheave because this breaks the inner fibers on the belt and can break the sidewalls of the sheave.
54 - replace with matching belts.
55 - check and adjust the alignment of the sheaves, and correct the tension.
56 - replace the belts.
57 - replaee the sheaves.
58 - replace with properly sized sheaves.
59 - check and adjust the belt tension.
60 - remove the obstruction.
61 - adjust and inspect the belt. replace as required.
62 - clean and inspect the belt. replace the belt as required.
63 - check the belt for an abrasive condition or any of the conditions mentioned as a probable cause; replace the belts as required.
64 - clean and inspect the belt; replace the belt as required.
65 - check whether any other fans are discharging into the same outlet as the fan having problems; this could be a design problem; inform engineering for an evaluation.
66 - check to see whether any dampers have been accidentally closed; open any dampers that should be open.
67 - check the drive belts for slippage; adjust the tension if the belts are not damaged; ensure there is adequate lubrication to bearings; have the electricians check out the motor.
68 - readjust the damper control linkage turnbuckles to the calibrated setpoints.
69 - check the pressure differential across the filters, and clean or replace the dirty filters.
70 - walk ducting system down, and check for leaks; an ultrasonic leak detector is an ideal tool to determine exactly where leaks occur.
71 - ensure that the belt drive is not crossed. have the electricians check the rotation of the motor.
72 - stop the fan, and have maintenance reverse the wheel.
73 - perform vibration analysis to determine the magnitude of the problem, and then balance the fan; water wash the fan blades to remove the buildup of dirt; if the fan operates in a boiler exhaust system or some other high temperature gaseous system, descale the blades.
74 - check the foundations for cracks and breakage; report the findings to engineering for resolution.
75 - perform vibration analysis to determine the magnitude of the problem, and then align the fan shafts.
76 - perform a soft-foot check on all the feet of the unit to determine if a soft-foot condition is the problem; add or remove shims to correct condition.
77 - check for ducting distortion if no expansion or flex joint is fitted; adjust the hangers as needed.
78 - ensure that the sheaves are the same width and are properly aligned with each other.
79 - ensure that the correct lubricant is being used and that the bearings are vented during the lubricant application.
80 - ensure that the bearing installation practices are correct.
81 - when the fan is off, ensure that the unit is tumed to change the resting point periodically to prevent the shaft from sagging due to its own weight; check the bearing mounts for undue stress due to bad foundations and misaligned ductwork.
82 - ensure that the belts are sitting in the correct sheaves and are aligned to run true in the v-grooves; check the lineup of the sidewalls of the sheaves with a straightedge or a stretched string.
83 - conduct a vibration analysis to determine whether the coupling is worn; the wrong grade of lubricant may have been used and accumulated in one spot, causing an unbalanced condition.
84 - perform an evaluation to determine the extent of resonance and to track down the excitation source(s); to temporarily stop resonance-induced vibration, alter the mass of the unit by placing some weight, such as a bag of sand, on the unit.
85 - have electricians check the motor rotation and correct the rotation as required.
86 - ensure that no foreign objects are causing a partial blockage on the inlet side of the fan; as fan blades turn past the obstruction, they will be unable to carry the full load and deflect.
87 - determine the capacity of the bearing, and follow the manufacturer's recommendations for lubrication.
88 - rotate the shaft, and let it roll until it comes to rest on its own to check for static unbalance; static unbalance can be corrected by hanging an appropriate weight opposite the resting, 6 o'clock position; engineers who have the proper instrumentation should do more complex balance correction.
89 - when the fan is off, make sure the unit is turned off the resting point periodically to prevent the shaft from sagging due to its owm weight; check for undue stress on bearing mounts because of bad foundations and misaligned ductwork.
90 - depress the belts at midspan, and measure the deflection to test the belt tension; the deflection should be equal to 1/64' per inch of span between the centers of the driven and driver units.
91 - this can be cause by gross misalignment between the driver and the driven units; it can also be caused when one sheave is wider than the other one; to correct either one, align the belts to the center of the v in each sheave.
92 - plug the bore, and remachine it true; eccentric bores cause the sheaves to turn off center, causing the belts to tension and detension each revolution; this continual jerking back and forth causes the bearings to take a terrible pounding; keys and setscrews can have the same effect by drawing a sheave ofllcenter when the force is tightened.
